Auth handlers with SignalR (#13107)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/authn-and-authz.md

}
```

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

### Use authorization handlers to customize hub method authorization

> SignalR passes a custom resource to authorization handlers when a hub method requires authorization. The resource is of type `HubInvocationContext` and contains `HubCallerContext`, the name of the hub method, and the arguments to the hub method for use in custom authorization logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SignalR provides a custom resource to authorization handlers when a hub method requires authorization. The resource an instance of `HubInvocationContext`. The `HubInvocationContext` includes the `HubCallerContext`, the name of the hub method being invoked, and the arguments to the hub method.
```

The following example shows a custom handler that only allows users with the same name as the hub method to invoke the method.

```csharp
public class HubMethodAuthorizationHandler :
    AuthorizationHandler<HubMethodRequirement, HubInvocationContext>
{
    protected override Task HandleRequirementAsync(AuthorizationHandlerContext context,
                                                   HubMethodRequirement requirement,
                                                   HubInvocationContext resource)
    {
        if (context.User?.FindFirst(ClaimTypes.NameIdentifier)?.Value == resource.HubMethodName)
        {
            context.Succeed(requirement);
        }

        return Task.CompletedTask;
    }
}

> public class HubMethodRequirement : IAuthorizationRequirement { }

Reviewer 2: This seems really weird. Should we be using OperationAuthorizationRequirement?

Reviewer 2: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.authorization.iauthorizationrequirement?view=aspnetcore-2.2

public class ChatHub : Hub
{
    [Authorize("NamedMethod")]
    public void Steve()
    {
    }
}
```

> Setup the policy and register the handler in DI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up the policy and register the handler in DI.
```

"Setup" is a noun, such as "it's a setup!". "Set up" is the verb phrase you're looking for ;).

> Set up the policy and register the handler in DI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set up the policy and register the handler in DI:
```

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    // ... other services ...

    services.AddAuthorization(options =>
    {
        options.AddPolicy("NamedMethod", policy =>
            policy.Requirements.Add(new HubMethodRequirement()));
    });

    services.AddSingleton<IAuthorizationHandler, HubMethodAuthorizationHandler>();
}
```

::: moniker-end

## Additional resources

* [Bearer Token Authentication in ASP.NET Core](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/webdev/2016/10/27/bearer-token-authentication-in-asp-net-core/)

> * [Resource based Authorization](xref:security/authorization/resourcebased)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [Resource-based Authorization](xref:security/authorization/resourcebased)
```
